## 2024-01-05



### Additions

* Sacred Burial Trousers (ItemID: `6282`)
  * Priest Healer - Priority: `3/8`


### Changes

* Silver-thread Pants (ItemID: `4037`)
  * Priest Healer - `PriorityNumber: 3 -> 4`
* Ivycloth Pants of the Owl (ItemID: `9797`)
  * Priest Healer - `PriorityNumber: 4 -> 5`
* Darkweave Breeches (ItemID: `12987`)
  * Priest Healer - `PriorityNumber: 5 -> 6`
* Night Watch Pantaloons (ItemID: `2954`)
  * Priest Healer - `PriorityNumber: 6 -> 7`
* Heavy Woolen Pants (ItemID: `4316`)
  * Priest Healer - `PriorityNumber: 7 -> 8`
* Rune of Perfection (ItemID: `21566`)
  * Priest Healer - `Source: Silverwing Sentinels - Honored
Warsong Outriders - Honored (Illiyana Moonblaze
Kelm Hargunth) -> Silverwing Sentinels - Friendly
Warsong Outriders - Friendly (Illiyana Moonblaze
Kelm Hargunth)`

### Other modifications

* Displaying the tooltip was previously conditional on both itemid AND itemname matching the internal database. This only worked for English clients. While localization in a future item I want to tackle, it's not coming immediately. To allow other localizations to work properly, I've removed the itemname match condition leaving itemid as the only requirement for displaying the tooltip. As a result of this change, some items with a random enchant (ex: "...of the Owl") may show as a potential BIS even though it's not the proper random enchant for your class. Example: "Sage's Mantle of the Owl" is a BIS option for Priest Healers. The tooltip will show this correctly for Priest Healers but will also show for Warlock DPS as they want " Sage's Mantle of Shadow Wrath"

This changelog was automatically generated. Problems? Submit an issue in GitHub.
